---
layout: post
title: 'Nowhere'
subtitle: 
artist: 'Ride'
category: 'Alternative'
record_label: 'Sire Records Company'
year_released: '1990'
purchase_date: 
purchase_amount: 
tracks:
  - '01-Seagull'
  - '02-Kaleidoscope'
  - '03-In a Different Place'
  - '04-Polar Bear'
  - '05-Dreams Burn Down'
  - '06-Decay'
  - '07-Paralysed'
  - '08-Vapor Trail'
published: true
---

Don't be afraid, I know what's on your mind. Don't let them tell you, you'll never change the game. The way your hair hangs down it hides away your face. She sees hew sorrow there. Again and again. Or do you wanna feel the same. She turns her face to the wall. Do you wanna feel. Fingernail marks in the morning. But our life is short, darling I can't wait. Or do you wanna stay the same. And when I see you gliding past I make my plans. Now you've got all what you wanted. You're lost for words again. Follow me down to the Starlight Motel

Running away. You got me running rings around the night again. I'm gonna make it alright. For you it's perfect when it seems like such a waste. Wallpaper silhouettes. Do you wanna change. Well I know it's cold and I know it's late. While everyone's sleeping tonight. Signs of her yesterdays. Puts out her hand to touch it

Or do you wanna feel the same. Do you wanna change. But our life is short, darling I can't wait. For you it's perfect when it seems like such a waste. Fingernail marks in the morning. Signs of her yesterdays. Laughing at the people. She sees hew sorrow there. The way your hair hangs down it hides away your face. Puts out her hand to touch it. Wonder why they always rush, never slow down. You got me running rings around the night again. Blowing bubbles, lying down. Don't be afraid, I know what's on your mind. And we're smiling, when we're sleeping

Follow me down to the Starlight Motel. While everyone's sleeping tonight. Don't let them tell you, you'll never change the game. Waiting for the rain to fall. Do you wanna feel. And when I see you gliding past I make my plans. Well I know it's cold and I know it's late. I'm gonna make it alright. Wallpaper silhouettes. Or do you wanna stay the same. She turns her face to the wall. And we're smiling, when we're waking. Again and again