---
layout: post
title: 'Mercury'
subtitle: 
artist: 'American Music Club'
category: 'Alternative'
record_label: 'Warner Bros. Records Inc.'
year_released: '1993'
purchase_date: 
purchase_amount: 
tracks:
  - '01-Gratitude Walks'
  - '02-If I Had a Hammer'
  - '03-Challenger'
  - '04-I&rsquo;ve Been a Mess'
  - '05-Hollywood 4-5-02'
  - 06-'What Godzilla Said to God When His Name Wasn&rsquo;t Found in the Book of Life'
  - 07-'Keep Me Around'
  - 08-'Dallas, Airports, Bodybags'
  - 09-'Apology for an Accident'
  - 10-'Over and Done'
  - 11-'Johnny Mathis&rsquo; Feet'
  - 12-'The Hopes and Dreams of Heaven&rsquo;s 10,000 Whores'
  - 13-'More Hopes and Dreams'
  - 14-'Will You Find Me?'
published: true
---

I broke my promise, that I wouldn't write another song about you. On the phone you sound happy. I'm glad, you went back. So I had ta take a little ride. Give me something I can touch. With my penny's worth of hope, that's not funny but it's a joke. Just me and a friend wondering, bonding. (I'm glad). I'm so lonely. Then one day she can't take it no more. For my own. I'm glad, you went back. Love, you always were my love, you always were. The California sun always shines. (I'm glad)

I'm glad, you went back. I'm Mr Lonely. I'm so lonely. I'm so lonely. a pile of dead scratchers with the gold and silver all. Whose always been there like, man. if you buy lottery tickets you’ll win one day. And if I'm lost you've found me, but it hurts. And.... The only thing that kept me together in the good old days. I'm so lonely. I have nobody. I guess I lied, after twelve years, I still love you. So throw your arms around me 'til it hurts. I believe everything I see and I can't turn it off

I'm Mr. Lonely. I'm Mr. Lonely. funny red nose, Rudolph jokes, memory failing. A secret I couldn't keep. I'm glad, you went back. For her I was feenin'. So Lonely. Yea. And decided to leave. For my own. Tryna figure out what I do to make it go bad. blinking in time to the hour hand. I'm Mr. Lonely. Ya know got that one good girl, Lord. My whole life came crashin'

To call my own, no. Mr. Lonely. Yo,. Don't watch TV, it's all lies, I watch TV day and night. I woke up in the middle of the night. For my own. scratched away. I have nobody. ~Chorus~. So Lonely. It's a wish that I could wish the world away, I could wish the world away. here's the story of the incredible shrinking man. she makes it clear my dear in no way does she wish him ill. I don't need anybody's love, I couldn't afford it anyway. of fatal disappointment met with a frozen margarita grin

I have nobody. Asleep on an empty sheet. Coulda sworn I was dreamin'. I have nobody. watches as she yawns all the way through his final scene. 'Cause ever since my girl left me. I have nobody. see him face the manageress he feels her bright disdain. But a heart can cry and you don't see the tears. Mr. Lonely. Backtracking on these few years. Goes out to all my playas out there, man. This one here. And I got a good one for the collection agency. But San Francisco is a cold place