---
layout: post
title: 'Kid A'
artist: 'Radiohead'
category: 'Alternative'
record_label: 'EMI Records LTD'
year_released: '2000'
purchase_date: 
purchase_amount: 
tracks:
  - '01-Everything in its Right Place'
  - '02-Kid A'
  - '03-The National Anthem'
  - '04-How to Disappear Completely'
  - '05-Treefingers'
  - '06-Optimistic'
  - '07-In Limbo'
  - '08-Idioteque'
  - '09-Morning Bell'
  - '10-Motion Picture Soundtrack'
published: true
---

Buy another ticket. (I may be paranoid, but not an android). You will be first against the wall. And so we crumble. This machine will, will not communicate. See the moon smiling. Open on all channels. (I may be paranoid, but no android). And fade out again. And there's nowhere to hide. It holds us like a phantom. I'm trying to get some rest. A frightening place. Into our darkest hour. (I may be paranoid, but not an android)

Of your shimmers or spells. Ready to receive. Please could you stop the noise?. Your shimmers or spells. Even at this angle. Voices in my head. We are helpless to resist. And fade out. It shines its understanding. Which is of no consequence at all. I can feel their blue hands touching me. And we're not at the mercy. And all we trapped ragdoll cloth people. There's a spacecraft blocking out the sky. A ten ton head, made of wet sand

What's there?. With your opinion. Rows of houses all bearing down on me. What's there?. Their faces are concrete grey. Then in your life, there comes a darkness. But it's the loudest sound you've ever heard. What's there?. So cold, from the inside out. You run to the back and you cover your ears. Just a laugh, just a laugh. Panic is coming on strong. But it was just a laugh, just a laugh. All these things into position. When I am king

I just got off the train. And I'm wondering, should I turn around?. Hey it's me. The touch is like a breeze. All these things we'll one day swallow whole. From all the unborn chicken