---
layout: post
title: Give Up
subtitle: 
artist: The Postal Service
category: Post-Boy Band
record_label: SUB POP
year_released: 2003
purchase_date: 
purchase_amount: 
tracks:
  - 01-the district sleeps alone tonight
  - 02-such great heights
  - 03-sleeping in
  - 04-nothing better
  - 05-recycled air
  - 06-clark gable
  - 07-we will become silhouettes
  - 08-this place is a prison
  - 09-brand new colony
  - 10-natural anthem
published: true
---

And on the bus I could have sworn it was all a dream. I'm staring at the asphalt wondering. Us into corresponding shapes. It will rally all the workers on strike for better pay. Like puzzle pieces from the clay. Someone I used to know. And then I felt the scrapes. Filtered water and pictures of you. Left a lingering taste in my mouth. That tells your new friends:. Smeared black ink. And when we kiss they're perfectly aligned. It will be a natural anthem, familiar it may seem. I've got a cupboard with cans of food. That God himself did make

What's buried underneath. And when I left you were fast asleep. And when you scan the radio. And I have to speculate. And I'm looking through the glass. When I am missing you to death. That the freckles in our eyes. But it's thoughts like this that catch. And it didn't happen to me. Are mirror images. A vinyl sticker with big block letters. And true it may seem like a stretch. I'll write you a song and it won't be hard to sing. I was running late for work. My troubled head when you're away

I am thinking it's a sign. Where I am. To last demands. Keeping me dry is. The evening's drinks. Your palms are sweaty. When you are out there on the road. Where the light bends at the cracks. So I didn't change my shirt. And the only thing. Pretending the echoes belong to someone. And I'm not coming out until this is all over. For several weeks of shows. I am a visitor here; I am not permanent. I wear my badge

Adhering to my chest. And I'm screaming at the top of my lungs. Tangled in the sheets. And we become. And I'm barely listening. Silhouettes when our bodies finally go