---
layout: post
title: on fire
artist: Galazie 500
category: Post-Punk
record_label: 20|20|20
year_released: 1989
purchase_date: 2015/??/??
purchase_amount: ??
tracks:
  - 01-Blue Thunder
  - 02-Tell Me
  - 03-Snowstorm
  - 04-Strange
  - 05-When will you come Home
  - 06-Decomposing Trees
  - 07-Another Day
  - 08-Leave the Planet
  - 09-Plastic Bird
  - 10-Isn&rsquo;t it a Pity
published: true
---

He always had his quiet corner. Baby, I've got silver and I've got gold. I'll be back of the [bill?]. Pride of my countrymen. Wide eyed and up in arms. It bares teeth extra sharp that'll cut you in the heart.. It's a fear. It is near. The shape becomes ever clear.. Something's moving to kill. Juan from Argentina, such a strange predicament we find ourselves in.. Baby it's a long way to South America.. My little brother was a solemn one. I'll be there to see you. That you'll have to realize. The [kuritz?] as [well/will]. But when push comes to shove, this is getting old

You made the call and I just stood by. That you'll have to realize. Calling us, calling us. Everything and all at once. Hiding the bind a better face smiles shinning light. My little brother was a solemn one. And all they want, another voice. Set towards the light imagine fades. Never leave the light on. In my mind. So dark, my eyes. Something's moving to kill. Leave you two times. He always had his quiet corner. The vision running wild

The [kuritz?] as [well/will]. Pride of my countrymen. In a bedroom, a telephone. I'll be there to see you. I stripped the sheets and emptied out the sty. Is there anything left. A joker inside, a Jumbo be re-brought to life. And it's gone by the night. I'll be back of the [bill?]. Please make your mind up. Make their way to be [you/yeah]. Please make your mind up. The morning brings it back - gave back. And the crowds, they light the carnival. In this old house, I'm not alone

Talk to yourself. Wide eyed and up in arms. At all?